[ Silence ]
>> [Background Music]
And I think many people
today don't know what
to believe anymore.
>> People basically
need to keep on--
to help uncover what
really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told the
entire story.
[ Pause ]
>> And now the host of
the nationally syndicated,
Coast to Coast A.M. and Gaiam
TV bring you Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> George Noory: You're
a nice lively audience.
That's good because we
have a healer coming
on and you never know.
Healing. Now people are trying
to take care of their own health
in many different ways
but there is a way to top
in a certain force
and heal yourself,
please welcome our special guest
on Beyond Belief, Sonja Grace.
Sonja.
[ Applause ]
>> Sonja Grace: Hi.
Thank you.
>> George Noory: I
can feel your energy.
>> Sonja Grace: Yeah, yeah.
Hi George!
>> George Noory:
Good to see you.
>> Sonja Grace: Thank you.
>> George Noory: Have a seat.
Welcome to Beyond Belief.
>> Sonja Grace: Thank
you for having me.
I'm so excited to be here.
>> George Noory:
What is a healer?
>> Sonja Grace: Well,
there're lots
of different types of healers.
The type of healing that
I do is more energetic.
I'm much more of a
surgeon in my healing.
I'm not someone who
just looks at something
and sends a certain kind of
energy to that situation.
I actually go in and do
tissue work and remove tumors
and I'm very-- I'm
very much a surgeon.
So, I'd worked all
long-distance.
I rarely see people in person.
This is a treat.
I'm on--
>> George Noory: It's fun.
>> Sonja Grace: I'm on
the phone with everyone.
>> George Noory:
Yeah, it is fun.
>> Sonja Grace: And people all
around the world will call me
and I just put myself
in front of them.
>> George Noory: Are you
much like John of God
that individual who
heals that way?
>> SG: Well--
>> GN: He just some suburban
streams [multiple speakers]--
>> SG: John of God-- yeah, he--
he has people that actually step
into his physical form.
I-- No one steps into this form.
I'm very comfortable
just being Sonjan side--
>> GN: Sure.
>> SG: And I worked with you
know, angels when I do healing.
I work with guides,
high angelic beings
but I don't allow other beings
inside of me and if that works
of John of God, that's great.
I know he's done
some wonderful work.
>> GN: That's amazing.
>> SG: Yeah.
>> GN: And the fact that you're
able to do this and you're--
you're hands off right,
in terms of healing??
>> SG: I am.
There are occasions
when people do see me
when I'm teaching the
meditation retreat or workshop
and they'll say Sonja, you
know, I've got this problem
with my shoulder and I'll
actually go in and I'll work
on them 'cause I'm
in front of them.
I'm not going to run and hide
behind the chair and say OK,
let me work on you
long-distance.
But I do. I do work on them.
But most of time, my
work is over the phone
so I'm long distanced--
>> GN: That's interesting.
>> SG: -- with people.
>> GN: OK, well, you know,
the body is full of energy
and you've got a little
description on that
for us so let's take a look.
[ Music ]
>> SG: Hi.
I'm Sonja Grace and I'm
talking about energy.
Energy is all around us.
Everything that's on the earth,
everything that the earth
is made up of is energy.
We have energy systems in
our bodies called chakras.
These chakras are
wheels of energy
that spin really fast clockwise.
Sometimes they go counter
clockwise, but normally,
they go in a clockwise position.
These chakras are
energy centers are hook
into what's called the
vertical power current.
This vertical power current runs
all the way up to the heavens
and all the way down into the
earth and all seven chakras hook
into it as if they're two
real [phonetic] flowers,
on the front side of the
body and the back side.
>> GN: All right Sonja, why is
that so important to the healing
of the body, chakras
and all that?
>> SG: Well, our energy centers,
the chakras, the meridians,
they are all key components
to the organs in our bodies.
They govern everything
to our physical health
and the chakras correlate
to this big space
around you called
the auric field.
So, there is layers
to that auric field
that correlate each chakra is
the first layer around the body,
second chakra, second
layer, third chakra,
third layer and so forth.
And it goes out seven layers
and all these different layers
of the auric field play a
huge part in our well-being.
If they're mocked up, then
we might feel kind of down
or a little bit off and not
feeling so healthy in our body.
So we have to take care of our
energy as much as we take care
of our physical health.
>> GN: I have found and I have
met people who are very healthy
and then I will see them Sonja
in a very stressful situation
that made last a week or two
and they literally crumble.
They break down their health.
Something happens to them.
It was not physical
but it was emotional.
How does that happen?
How does that tear
down the body?
>> SG: The emotional body to
me is the reason that we end
up with physical problems.
I worked on people
who have cancer.
I worked on people who have
fibromyalgia, arthritis,
all kinds of issues, and when I
go back in due processing work
and deeper work with them on
that emotional body level,
always, there is a component
that's literally stored
in the body that's
causing this illness.
Our bodies are like,
you know, big closets
and we experience
something emotionally
and maybe it's a really
hectic day and we go, "OK,
I'm not going to do with that.
Let me just stored in
my liver for right now."
And ten years later, the liver
has been boiling and boom--
>> GN: Liver cancer right?
>> SG: Yeah, yeah.
>> GN: And so, what would you
recommend people do who are
under extreme emotional stress.
What do they do?
I'm not a fan of
pharmaceutical drugs.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: What do they do?
>> SG: I'm a big
fan of meditation.
I feel that meditation is the
key for all of us to get back
to who we are, our
original consciousness.
Meditation slows
down our breathing
and helps us to center.
And if someone isn't able
to meditate like a lot
of people call me and say, "I
just don't know how to meditate
and it's hard, and
it's frustrating
and I get really distracted," we
just do a little bit at a time
and start with some easy
exercises that get us more
into a meditative state.
Breathing is huge.
Most people who are under
stress aren't, you know,
they're breathing it's
like really shallow
and they're not taking
deeper breaths and just--
>> GN: Calming down.
>> SG: Calming down, yeah.
>> GN: I mean, I remember
when I use to play baseball
in that little league, you know,
right before I get the bat,
I was, you know,
nervous and stuff.
But when you get to the plate
whether it's in life or baseball
and you take that long slow whoo
[phonetic] you do feel better.
>> SG: You do.
>> GN: How does that one?
>> SG: Well, it's the same.
I mean when you start
to meditate,
you take in that deep breath
way deep in your belly
and you're exhaling it out,
you know, for those of you
who are fans of taking
yoga class, it's the same.
It's a yogic breath.
It's really going
deep into the belly,
expanding ribs and exhaling.
You know, I dance professional
for ten years and I know,
when I was back stage and
totally nervous, you know,
I'm getting ready to go on.
>> GN: The butterflies, right?
>> SG: Yeah, butterflies
and that's all it took was
that deep, you know,
breath and getting in touch
with usually something that
was a little bit like you know,
like you just wanted
to go for it.
I'm sure you felt
that in baseball.
>> GN: I do that now before
every speaking engagement
that I'm on.
You know, when I'm back stage,
I'll just take one long deep
breath and how would I go.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: And it's perfect.
>> GN: It works.
And that works really well.
Talk to me about psychic
vampires because I want to talk
about negative energy.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: This people, some of
them know what they're doing,
others don't.
What are they?
>> SG: Well, my experience
of psychic vampiring
[phonetic] is people
who are using the ability
to maybe look into something
or kind of connect with the
person and I call it sourcing,
sourcing their energy.
I went to see a woman once
who did a huge presentation
and the gal who was with me
was you know, like crumbling
as we were sitting there.
She was getting a
migraine, headache and we--
my husband was down,
and sitting lower,
we couldn't all sit together
and he was like practically
in a coma in his sit, you
know, asleep and everybody
in the audience was
sort of like fading.
And I tuned in and I saw cords.
She had cords going from her
to everybody in the audience
to their heads and she
was literally sourcing the
information out.
This is you know, when you
find someone who's psychic
and they're going, well little
Johnny had a blue jacket on
and blue, you know, blue shoes
and they're being
really detailed about it.
A lot of times, that person
is sourcing that information
from the other person.
I don't personally
work that way.
I don't agree with that.
My information comes from divine
and if it's not coming then
divine doesn't want the person
to know.
It-- This way of sourcing
or vampiring energy can be very
hurtful to people and I know
that this person that was with
me and my husband and myself.
We all suffered really
bad headaches
when we left this event.
And many people we ran
into afterwards also had
headaches the next day and--
it's now that, you know, some
people mean to do these things
and they're vicious about it
and some people mean
to do these things--
>> GN: It's just them.
>> SG: -- because they
don't know better.
They don't-- they
have not trained.
They haven't work with someone
who understands, you know,
what this work really
means and what it's about.
So, I'm very cautious about,
you know, who I talk to.
I believe everyone should be
cautious about who you talk to
and whom you're asking to
do healing work or whatever.
Because there's a lot of people
out there who are new at it.
They're excited about it
but they don't know
what they're doing yet.
And so, people need to have
maybe a little more awareness
and training.
>> GN: I'm going to tell
you, the funny story
of a guy named Andy [assumed
spelling] at St. Louis
who would go to the
Ritz-Carlton lobby bar and sit
at the corner of the bar.
I would notice every
time he was there,
that everybody else
sat at the other end.
They left spaces next to him.
Nobody sat next to him.
And then, as the day or
the night progressed,
people would completely
leave that area,
living poor little Andy
there in the corner
by himself, time and time again.
And I watched this guy and then,
I got close to him physically
and I could feel this
negativity coming from him.
Wasn't a bad person at all,
but when you would talk to him,
everything was negative.
My life's not going well,
this is not going well,
my wife's getting a divorce,
my children don't like me.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: And after
five minutes of that,
you wanted to run out the room.
Well, this guy was
emptying the lounge.
He'd be perfect in
Vegas as a cooler.
You know, walking around
people who are winning.
I mean he would just
suck the energy right
out of the atmosphere.
It was horrible.
And I sat down with
him one day and I said,
"Andy I think you've
got a problem."
And he said, "What?
What?" I said, "Do you ever
wonder why nobody sits down next
to you when you're at a
bar or any place you go?"
And he said, "Well, I
thought about that a lot,
but I don't know why."
And I said, "Everything out
of your mouth is energy.
I could feel negativity
coming off your body.
It's-- It's coming
out of your pores.
You need to change some things."
And he said, "How do you that?"
I said, "I don't know.
But go and find out.
You know, talk to somebody
who understands this."
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: And he came back a couple
months later and I noticed
that more people were
migrating to his end of the bar.
And I went up and talked
to him and he had changed
about 70 percent
of his negativity.
>> SG: Wow, that's great.
>> GN: And, you know, he'd
fixed himself, he worked some--
he worked it out with his wife.
He was taking his
kids out more often.
He was doing what he had to do
to get rid of that negativity.
>> SG: That's great.
>> GN: And people sensed that.
>> GN: It's amazing how
the body picks on that.
>> SG: Well that's--
that's the energy field.
That's what I was talking about.
Our energy is emitting
everything
in our auric field around us.
And what we hope for, what I
teach when I work with people is
to ground the energy
from the chakras.
A lot of people are, you know,
walking around with their energy
from their chakras just
blasting the world.
I mean, how many
people have walked
in to a big corporate meeting
and, you know, like somebody
in the meeting is not happy and
you feel it in your stomach,
right, when you walk in--
>> GN: Or you could tell.
>> SG: -- yeah you can tell.
You just go, "Oh something's
bad in this meeting."
You know, you feel it in
your stomach and, you know,
people are just inappropriately
kind of blasting their energy
through out, you know, their
society, their communities
and they're not taking
responsibility
for what they're doing.
It's very powerful.
Everybody's super
powerful with their energy
and that's what he was doing.
He was just emitting all
these energy and negativity
so then his vibration is lower.
It lowers the vibration
in the room.
>> GN: His health
probably was affected.
>> SG: His health-- how many
people have called me and said,
"You know, I've got his cancer
and I've got this problem and,
you know, my life is bad, and
this is horrible," and on and on
and on and on and then it's
like, why do I have cancer
and it's like, OK let's go
over what you just told me.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> SG: So yeah.
It makes a big difference.
>> GN: You have to change it.
Let's take some quick calls from
Sonja who's got something here.
I said calls.
It's my radio show.
[ Laughter ]
Yes.
>> Sonja, when you're doing
your healing for somebody,
do you actually go into
their higher self or whatever
to see what their
life path is to see
if maybe they shouldn't
be healed?
>> SG: Absolutely.
I always ask the person's
higher self before I start.
Can I do this work?
And I never do my work without
asking to be in alignment
with the will of
God and the God as--
with the highest
good of everyone
and the highest good
of the universe.
And then, if I'm shown that this
person needs to be, you know,
healed in terms of
an actual healing
or maybe there's
something karmic [phonetic]
that needs to be clear.
They've got a past life that
is really what's the cause
of the problem?
I'll go in and do that
kind of karmic clearing.
But absolutely, I
always ask and check in.
All right.
>> Thank you.
>> SG: Thank you.
>> Would you still take,
'cause I think traditional
medicine is good.
I think a lot of doctor's
care and I would not--
not do whatever they
recommended.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: But I would
still do alternative,
I would do faith healing,
and I would do whatever else
it takes to supplement that.
Would you do the same thing?
I mean, God forbid, if you
were sick, would you still go
to a traditional doctor
and say, "Help me?"
>> SG: Absolutely.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> SG: Absolutely,
I love my doctor.
I love her.
And I love my acupuncturist
and I love my natural path.
And I believe that we all
work in concert together.
We are all important
components of healing.
I'm addressing the energy body.
I'm addressing what's going
on deep in the emotional body
and what got stuck inside
the person as to why it needs
to be healed so that that part
can be literally taken out
and new energy comes in.
'Cause when we have
like, you know,
betrayal stuck into our body.
Let's say we got betrayal
under the right rib cage,
and we literally get that out in
a session and it's no longer--
it's like, you know,
then the body gets filled
up with a higher vibration.
And if you're a satellite,
you just shifted
to now you're watching TNT.
You're no longer watching
the Discovery Channel,
you just switched because you're
no longer a vibrational match
for that betrayal.
So, it's all of it
works in concert.
And believe me--
>> GN: Absolutely.
>> SG: I'm the first one to
go see my doctor if I need to.
But I'm also the first
one to try and go
through anything natural
in a natural way of healing
because I believe in that.
>> GN: Well, you know, I've
look at our bodies like a car.
And, you know, do you fix
the car after it breaks down
or do you try to maintain
it so it doesn't break down.
And I would more rather
do that, you know.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: Take care of yourself
so you will minimize
future problems.
>> SG: Right.
And I think that's a great
analogy because I also feel
that this is the
car we're given.
You know, when we're
souls and we're coming
through to earth,
this is your vehicle.
And if we don't take
care of it then--
>> GN: Nobody else will.
>> SG: -- you know,
nobody else will.
And that goes for
the earth, you know.
We're given this
beautiful planet to live on,
and if we don't take
care of her,
she who's so generously gives
to us day in and day out,
then we aren't going
to have a place to be.
>> GN: Right.
Well we use the latest
technology on Beyond Belief
so let's go to our Beyond Belief
camp for a question for Sonja.
>> Joy: Hey Sonja, I'm
Joy [assumed spelling]
from Colorado.
And I was wondering
if a person's destructive
patterns can change even though
they've been doing
them for a long time.
>> GN: Destructive habits.
>> SG: Absolutely.
Again, when we set up with
all of these things that go
on in our lives, I believe
we form and develop most
of our patterns from the time
we're in the womb until we're
about three years old.
We're imprinting
everything, our parents, our--
the environment and we
have this big bag of karma
that we just brought with
us from previous lives.
So, we've got all these
stuff that we're dealing with
and we're basically
setting up the template
for how we're going
to be as adults.
And as adults what do we do?
You know, we've got this
grand theater called life,
and we get to set up the stage.
OK, I'm going to play myself as
the child, and then I'm going
to play my mother and then
I'm going to play my father
and I'm going to act out all
of these emotional woundings
that I have from childhood
so that I can heal.
So, we keep doing this
setting up incredible,
incredible productions.
You know, Shakespeare
would be proud.
But we have to really find a
way to find those patterns,
to understand what
the patterns are,
why wouldn't we feel betrayed by
someone, we go into depression.
And from that depression,
we go into some kind
of habitual habit
like we eat too much.
And then from that pattern,
we go into some kind
of deeper depression
where we feel suicidal.
You know, everybody's
patterns are different.
I'm giving that as an example to
what you are literally plugging
into when you connect with one
of those core emotional
woundings.
>> GN: Well, you know,
we're all human beings.
We all suffer from ups and
downs in life, tragedies,
all of us will go through
things, family, episodes.
I'm going through one right now.
But you have to be able to
pull yourself out of that and--
>> SG: Absolutely.
>> GN: -- you know, as
frustrating and as maybe sad
or devastating that it might
be, you have to be able to stay
above that or just pulls you in.
>> SG: Right.
Right. And that's keeping
our vibration really high.
That's where meditation and
yoga and exercise and listening
to your favorite music
and watching your
favorite movie and--
>> GN: Listening to your
favorite radio show.
>> SG: Exactly!
>> GN: Or watching your
favorite comedy show.
>> SG: Exactly.
And that's what keeps
your vibration high.
So, when your vibration is
high, you're not likely to go
into that, you know, that stuff
that's brewing with your family
or with, you know, a loved one,
someone that's having problems.
We have to really avoid--
when we let our energy drop,
we are really going into a
space where it becomes difficult
for us to be helpful
to others, right?
We have to keep our energy high
and I don't mean getting high
like we're all, you
know, crazy--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> SG: -- happy all the time.
I just mean a higher vibration.
And we get that through
meditation.
We get that through exercise.
We get that through
watching Coast to Coast.
So, so it's really something
that we can all apply ourselves
to doing more but I think
beyond that is stepping back
and observing what
is the duality.
See, this is where I think
we get into the problem is
that things are good
or they're bad.
They're right or they're wrong.
They're hot, they're
cold, the duality,
and when we put our energy into
the good or we put our energy
into the bad, or
literally engaging ourselves
in the duality.
When we engage ourselves
in the duality in that way,
we're creating more karma.
Last time I checked, we don't
want to be creating more karma.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> SG: We want to be
resolving our karma.
So, so, we have to
learn to step back.
Again, this is through
meditation
and observed the duality.
>> GN: Let's take one more
final question for Sonja.
Who's got one for us?
Anybody? Yes, ma'am.
>> Hi, Sonja.
>> SG: Hi.
>> What is your daily
regiment in order to keep
that energy high and
stay in a good place?
>> GN: Yeah, give us
your prescription.
>> SG: Well, a daily regiment
would be to really connect
with the inner child
first thing,
when you're up in the
morning, I don't care
if you're brushing you're
teeth or you're taking the dog
for a walk, see that
little child that's you,
maybe she's a baby,
he's a toddler,
10-years old, and just connect.
Love that child, feel the
love from that child to you,
and I'm telling you that
will set so many things
on a really good path.
Because you're acknowledging
that part of you that really
for most of us doesn't
get acknowledged.
Nobody handed us a book
and said, "Oh, you're 18.
You need to parent
yourself now."
And that's a huge part of us
being adults is being able
to parent that child within us
because we all have
an inner child.
>> GN: How important is that
inner self then within us
to be able to heal
us, keep us healthy?
>> SG: I think-- I think it is
the key to all of us healing.
I really do.
I mean I'm like crazy
cakes about inner child
or because I feel like it's the
one component that helps us get
to the parts of us
that we've suppressed.
Remember, the bodies,
the closet,
and we store all these
emotional things in the body?
And a lot of that has to do with
the emotional woundings we have
from our childhood
and from past lives.
So, we've got this whole,
you know, deep well of stuff.
And if we're giving some kind
of acknowledgement and approval
to that inner child, we're not
necessarily going to go outside
of ourselves to our
parents or our coworkers
or our boss looking
for approval.
We've already given
ourselves at approval.
>> GN: So, give me an
example, somebody calls you,
why did they call you,
and then what do you do.
>> SG: Oh, well, I get
called for a lot of reasons.
People who have illness.
People who are struggling
with their relationship.
I've get-- I get calls from
people who are maybe dealing
with something in their family.
They know that something
happened when they were young.
I have people who have
been abducted that call me.
Lots of UFO and alien
experiences.
>> GN: OK.
You're like a counselor.
>> SG: Big time.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> SG: And, you know, and then
I'm usually clearing something
karmically for them or grandma
just died a week ago, you know,
there's grandma and I'm talking
to her and helping them resolve
or have some clearing because
they weren't able to be
with grandma when she passed.
So, there're lots of reasons.
Not to mention, you know, CEOs
of large businesses who come
and want to know about
their business practice.
>> GN: Really?
>> SG: Yeah.
>> GN: Their products
and stuff like that?
>> SG: Yeah.
Yeah, part--
>> GN: Should we come out with
this and things like that?
>> SG: Partnering and yeah,
marketing, all kinds of stuff.
>> GN: Interesting.
Of course you were
born with this.
>> SG: Yeah.
>> GN: But how did
you develop it?
>> SG: Well, I was-- I was
really out there as a child,
I mean my earliest memory too,
I remember seeing the spirit
realm and my poor mom.
She didn't know what
to do with me.
And, you know, I grew up back
in the day when we played
in the woods and, you
know, you weren't scared
of people in the neighborhood.
Everybody knew everybody and so,
I grew up around the [inaudible]
realm and really connecting
with trees and nature and
I, you know, I-- I didn't--
mom didn't know what to
do with me, so she put me
in ballet class, and I ended
up training in classical ballet
and went on to dance
professionally.
And as I was pursuing
my career, I, you know,
I was still seeing
things shouldn't--
>> GN: Sure.
>> SG: -- really out there.
And so, I found my first
teacher and I really--
thank God for her because she
helped me understand what was
going on for me and
she helped me
to develop what was already
there but give me a platform
of integrity and
clarity to work from.
And it was--
>> GN: Was it trial
and error Sonja?
>> SG: I think everything is.
You know, you-- you know, I
always compare my healing work
to my ballet training and
that is that, you know,
as a ballet dancer, you know
you will always be in class.
You know, you know that you have
to take class to stay in shape.
You have to take class to
keep your technique good.
And there has never been a
day in my life as a healer
and as a-- as a visionary that I
have not worked with my teacher
and had some guidance and,
you know, my own processing
and I feel that this
kind of work
and especially the
type of work that I do.
I'm just a firm believer
in people studying
and having teachers.
Because when we look at
a violinist, you know,
you don't pick up a
violin and say, "Gee,
I want to play the violin."
You know, it doesn't work.
Guaranteed it won't work.
You have to train.
You have to train with the
teacher and study and I feel
that that process helps
us to develop and grow
and over the course
of, you know, 30 years,
I've had three different
teachers all
of which have contributed
tremendously to my--
my work, to what I do.
>> GN: And I'm sure
you've had good days
and bad days yourself, right?
>> SG: Sure.
>> GN: How do you pull
yourself out of that?
Meditation?
>> SG: I do.
I meditate.
I clear a lot.
I do clearing.
I use cedar when I clear.
Can I show that?
>> GN: Yeah, what is that?
>> SG: This is cedar and--
>> GN: From a cedar tree?
>> SG: This is from a cedar tree
but this is a cedar
tree in Arizona.
>> GN: OK.
What are you doing?
>> SG: Even though
I'm in Oregon.
I'm going to light it and I
promise I won't set you on fire.
[ Laughter ]
>> GN: Watch the
alarm go on, right?
>> SG: I know.
[ Laughter ]
OK. We got a little
bit of smoke going,
and then I just take
this smoke over my head.
I take it under my feet.
I run it up and down and--
>> GN: What does that do?
>> SG: It's called
smudging and I want it--
I really want to share with you
that cedar is what clears us.
Cedar clears the space.
Sages use to blessings.
So, a lot of people get
kind of misunderstood
that sages use to-- to clear
us but sage is actually
like if you're having
a bad day and you want
to clear some negative vibes
around you, and you burn sage,
you're basically blessing it.
Oh, good. Negative vibes.
>> GN: You burn the whole--
>> SG: Stay with me.
>> GN: You generally
burn the whole thing?
>> SG: No.
No. You just light it up a
little bit, let it smoke and,
you know, let the smoke
come up, blow it out
and don't set off your fire
alarms and you can, you know,
you can clear your whole house.
I burn cedar everyday, but of
course I would because my job,
you know, I'm with people
and working all day long.
I think it's important
though that we take care
of our energy in this way.
>> GN: Now, how's
doing it though,
is it the cedar or is it you?
>> SG: Well, the cedar
has a tremendous spirit.
I mean, I-- I connect
with the cedar spirit
when I'm using that plant.
I always ask the tree before
I break cedar off to dry.
I leave an offering.
I think the cedar
is very powerful.
It's a part of the earth.
>> GN: Just my luck to
use a Venus' flytrap
or something like that.
>> SG: No.
>> GN: Some people
actually use a sage
to clean themselves
of bad spirits.
>> SG: Yeah, and--
>> GN: Same thing--
>> SG: No.
>> GN: -- same principle.
>> SG: Yes but sage
is used to bless.
Sage is used in all
native tribes.
They use sage to blessings.
You get a pipe, it's
used to bless the pipe.
And it's after the pipe's
been cleared with smoke.
It's only for blessing things.
>> GN: People talk
a lot about karma.
And they say, "What goes
around comes around."
Do you believe that?
>> SG: Well I believe in karma
big time but I also believe
that karma is something that we
create or we incur more karma
because we're letting our
energy go into the duality
or engaging our energy.
Oh that's so good, and you
can just feel how good it is.
Oh that's so bad, and then
we feel how bad it is.
And our energy is
going into it and work.
And we become a part of it.
We become a part of
the collective karma.
That's why we see things cycle
and recycle around the earth
with wars and-- and, oh boy
we've been down that road.
We fought that battle before.
Look, we're fighting it again.
And it's all a karmic thread
that we keep participating in.
So yes, what goes
around comes around.
But we have to take
responsibility
for what we're doing
with our energy
so we don't incur more karma.
>> GN: I thought karma was a
good thing though, generally.
>> SG: I don't--
>> GN: So, why don't
we want to incur more?
>> SG: I don't see
karma as a good thing.
I see karma as the
unresolved emotional woundings
and components that
we didn't complete.
So, in the past life,
if you were beheaded --
>> GN: That's great.
>> SG: -- imagine many
people have been beheaded.
We come from a very
violent culture.
>> GN: Sure.
>> SG: If you look
at history, I mean,
we've all been to
war, believe me.
And if you're-- if you got
your head on the chopping block
and you're being accused of,
you know, being a heretic
and you know that you
didn't do anything wrong.
What's going through your mind?
The anxiety, fear, betrayal--
how come no one's
saving me right now?
You know, you got a
lot of things going
through your mind right
before your head is cut off.
And if that's the case, those
are the karmic pieces that go
with you into the next lifetime.
So, the next lifetime
maybe you come back,
you're not male, you're female.
You're living in a
different culture
but you have chronic neck
pain, and no one can figure
out what's wrong with your neck.
I had a woman who called me,
she had chronic neck pain.
That's exactly what
had happened.
>> GN: She was beheaded?
>> SG: She was beheaded.
She was hung in another life.
She obviously did not
agree with being beheaded.
So, she manifested being
hung in the next life.
When I cleared all of this
karmically, this is someone
who had CT-Scans and MRIs and
the doctors could not find--
>> GN: Nothing there.
>> SG: -- they couldn't find
what was wrong with her.
I cleared her and all, gone.
>> GN: Now, how'd
you cleared her?
What'd you do?
>> SG: Well I cleared--
I cleared the karma between
her and those lifetimes.
And when I go in and clear
people, it's a whole process
that I do but it's
definitely going in
and removing components
from the body.
>> GN: Is it mystical,
what you do?
>> SG: Yeah.
I think it's mystical.
I think it's working
with energy.
>> GN: Are you tapping
into something?
Or is it you?
>> SG: Oh George.
>> GN: Somehow.
Some people would say,
you've got the ability
to do this, you know.
>> SG: Well, I mean I'm just
a humbled human being, I--
>> GN: Or are you
like an antenna?
>> SG: I'm vessel.
I believe that God comes through
the roof and the goddess comes
through our feet and
it meets in our heart.
And that's the alchemy happens.
That's where the magic
happens is in our hearts.
And I believe that
our greatest mission--
the mission statement
for humanity is to love
at the deepest level
of our beings.
So, as much as you love
your family and your spouses
and your loved ones, we
should be loving everybody
around the world that much.
>> GN: Well you went through
a lot of experiences yourself
to reach the point
where you are at now.
Let's take a look.
>> SG: When we're
connecting with the earth,
and we're drawing that
energy up through our bodies
and we're grounding our
energy down into the earth
and we're receiving energy
from above, from the divine
through the tops of our heads.
We are igniting all
of it at our hearts.
And this is the magic.
This is the intense creativity
we all feel in our lives.
Whether we're baking a cake or
we're painting a masterpiece
or we're building a
[inaudible] in the backyard.
It all happens in the heart.
And our purpose for
being here is to love
at the deepest level
of our beings.
So, what a greater place for
all of this incredible alchemy
to happen then in your heart.
>> GN: Interesting
metamorphosis there for you too.
>> SG: Yeah, yeah very much.
I had a client who--
whose father had passed
and it was just a week I think
from his passing and he came
through on the reading
and he said, "Honey,
I just want to tell you
what it's like over here."
And he said, "You know, we
believe that there's a review
on what we've done in our
lives that we're being kind
of reviewed on the other side."
And he said, "The review
isn't what we've done,
the review is how
much we've loved."
And he said that--
I'm going to cry.
He said that-- that--
>> GN: Oh go ahead.
>> SG: -- he loved.
>> GN: Cry.
>> SG: OK.
He said he loved his daughter
and his family so much
but that what he learned
on the other side was
that he should have
loved everyone
that much around the world.
>> GN: And it's a
big difference.
>> SG: Oh that just--
>> GN: You know, people
have talked about episodes
where a family member will
get killed by someone.
Whether a drunk driver
or a murderer.
>> SG: Yeah.
>> GN: And some people say,
"You just need to forgive them."
The killer.
The murderer.
I'm not at that point, you
know, maybe it's my nine years
in the navy, I don't
know what it is.
But I could not justifiably
just forgive someone like that.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: A justifiable
accident perhaps,
but a murder, I couldn't
do that.
Now, am I lacking
something because of that?
>> SG: No, you're not.
I think that's-- that's a--
>> GN: I mean how many of
you could forgive someone
who kills one of
your loved ones?
>> SG: That would be very hard.
>> GN: You could.
>> SG: Yeah.
Yeah. It's--
>> GN: Yeah.
Most of the people-- almost
all of them could not.
>> SG: Right.
And it's something that,
again, if you were calling me
and telling me, "Sonja,
someone murdered my loved one."
I would, first of
all, want to look
at karmically what have
taken place between you
and those people in past lives
that has brought this
reoccurring into this life.
Because I believe that we're
just repeating and mixing
up the karmic pieces
that we already have
and we're trying to
heal those things.
Now, the fact that
it's happened again,
doesn't give you
any piece of mind.
But I always tell people
you couldn't forgive
but you can also hold
someone accountable.
And that accountability
part is the part
that I hear you talking about.
I hold these people accountable.
I'm going to forgive them
because I don't want
karma with this person.
I don't want to keep
coming back lifetime
after lifetime and
working this out.
So I'm going to simply hold them
accountable for what they did.
>> GN: I got to tell you my
Tommy [assumed spelling] story
in Vegas.
Tom [assumed spelling] and
I are playing Blackjack
and we're sitting at a table
where a guy is sitting
between us.
And it was a very
strange Blackjack game.
Where if you put a little
dollar in the circle, and that--
if you get a Blackjack,
you get to spin the wheel
and you get whatever it says.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: It was from a dollar to
a thousand, up on the wheel.
So, we're playing and
I get a Blackjack.
So, you know, I had a
dollar in the circle
so that qualified as first spin.
And I said, "Tom,
let's concentrate
on the thousand dollars.
I think we can move
the wheel, like that."
And he said, "Yeah, I'm game."
And the guy in the middle
goes, "It ain't going to work."
And we're looking at him and
he got this negative energy
and he's loosing at
the table anyway.
And that's a different story.
But, you know, by looking
at Tom saying, "Look,
we'll do it without him.
So, let's do it."
And he kept saying,
"It's not going to work."
The guy spins the wheel and Tom
and I are thinking thousand,
thousand, and the thing's
clicking, you know.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: It's got a
zillion numbers
and it's clicking getting
close to the thousand.
And as it's ready
to hit the thousand,
the guy goes, "It won't work."
It stops right before that.
We won a dollar.
One more click would
have been a thousand.
I think it's his fault.
[ Laughter ]
He did it.
Don't you?
>> SG: There you go.
And I hold him accountable.
[ Laughter ]
>> GN: How do people get
there energy out of life?
Let's take a look.
>> SG: So, the trick
is, is to step back
and observe the duality.
To realize that there are really
good things in the universe
and there's really bad.
And they both exist
and there is nothing
that we really truly have on
it other than the awareness
and the ability to observe.
To observe that this
is what's going on.
But I'm not going to
participate in it.
I'm going to stay centered.
I'm going to stay in a
grounded place, and I'm going
to maintain a very high
vibration in my body,
in my being, and my
whole auric field.
So, by creating a
high vibration,
I'm manifesting a high
vibration from the universe.
>> GN: You know,
I think it works.
I think if people
concentrate, if they meditate,
it's principles I've practices
and believed all my life.
>> SG: It's true.
>> GN: You tap into a
force that's out there.
They call it Tesla, one who's
trying to create free energy
for this planet,
tapped into that.
>> SG: Right.
>> GN: It's out there.
>> GN: You just have to
learn how to get there.
>> SG: Well, in, you
know, in the earth ways,
a series that we've been
watching, I really feel
that we have the ability to
ground-- to ground our energy,
to connect with the earth
and allow that energy to come
up through our body,
through legs, you know,
the old saying, get grounded.
And to allow the energy from the
divine to come through our heads
and down and all of
it meets in our heart.
But so many people will
practice a form of meditation
where they want to
leave their body,
"Woohoo, we're out of here.
Let's go. Yeah, that was cool."
Well, you know, that's what
we're doing at night too, right?
When we dream where some
of us are actually leaving
our bodies and, you know,
flying around, checking
on, you know, what--
what somebody else is doing on
the other side of the planet.
And it's all great.
It's fun. But honestly,
I believe that we are
the high spiritual beings
that we're seeking.
You're already it.
And so, knowing that you're
already it, we have a job
to do while we're here
and that's the planet.
We're here to-- we're the
caretakers of this earth.
That's why we're here.
We're here to feel our feelings.
That's our homework.
Feel them, process them.
Let them go.
It's when we feel them and we
don't process them and we hold
on to them that we
end up, you know,
like in a bad mood
for three days.
So, we have to feel our
feelings, process them,
let them go, and get
back to what our job is.
Our job honestly is to
take care of the planet.
>> GN: Oh, that's good advice.
>> SG: Yeah.
>> GN: Are you always
this bubbly?
>> SG: I am.
I am.
>> GN: You really are?
Let's take some more
questions for Sonja.
Who's got a few?
Yes, ma'am.
>> So, you said you do must
leave your phone over the work--
or your work over the phone,
how does that work for people
that like to see you or
be with you in person?
>> SG: Well.
>> GN: Skype.
>> SG: Exactly.
There's Skype but I don't
have a camera on my computer,
so I do Skype but I don't have a
camera, so you have to just look
at my picture in front anyways.
I've had people who call
me that do have a camera
and then I can see them, but
I suggest for people who want
to see me in person to take
one of my workshops or come
to my meditation retreats,
because that's when, you know,
it's-- it's a lot when
of one-on-one time
and it's more intense
for that time.
Yeah. Thank you.
>> GN: Is it necessary
or how important is it
for people to see you?
>> SG: It's not.
I mean some people are visual--
their primary way of taking
the world and is visual,
so they need to see me.
But some people are
terminal which is great.
The phone is perfect
for terminal people.
And, you know, kinesthetic
people, people who just have
to feel everything, yeah, they
get the phone work and people
who are mental processors that,
you know, the phone works,
a lot of times, the
mental visual people want
to see me in person.
It's all good.
I mean I'm the same whether I'm
in front of you in person or I'm
on a phone, you know,
a gazillion miles away.
It's all the same.
>> GN: Sonja, what's been one
of the most bizarre phone
calls you've had for people?
I mean what-- what
has been so strange?
>> SG: My most bizarre
phone calls and I want
to professes [phonetic]
this with--
I clear people of
negative energy.
So, I have the ability to see
all levels of the astral plane.
I see the lowest,
darkest entities
up to the highest angels.
I also see alien beings.
I see a lot of alien beings
because I believe and I see them
without physical form.
They're an energy form
but they're different
than an entity.
An entity is much
more translucent
when I see them whereas
an alien being--
>> GN: Right.
>> SG: -- has more density,
and they're harder to clear.
But I do clear them
out of people's bodies.
And what I mean by that is
sometimes, when we're checked
out and we're not present in
our body, there're other things
that really-- they do want
to be in a human form.
They want to experience life
on earth just like, you know,
we do as souls and bodies.
I believe that our soul is
our regional state of being.
Our natural state of
being is in spirit form.
This is just a car, you
know, we got a car this time,
and we have to take care of it.
And most importantly, we have
to stay conscious while
we're driving the car.
And we have to make sure that
the child, the inner child is
in a car seat in the
back with the seatbelt on
and the adult is
driving the car.
Otherwise, if your five-year old
is driving your car, you know,
there can be problems, right?
>> GN: Let's go to one
of our Beyond Belief camp
questions for Sonja Grace.
>> Vanessa: Hi, Sonja.
It's Vanessa [assumed
spelling] from Washington,
DC and I was wondering if
you think that our loved ones
who have crossed over
hear our prayers.
>> SG: Thank you, Vanessa.
I do feel that they
hear our prayers.
In fact, I think that our loved
ones are with us and around us--
>> GN: All the time.
>> SG: -- all the time.
I hear from people
on the other side
that they become the guardian
angels to our children
and our grandchildren.
They are looking after all of
us and mostly what I've seen is
about three generations out.
There's about three generations
that I'll see within
my own family.
I see my dad who's
on the other side.
I see my grandparents.
I no longer see my
great grandparents.
They've incarnated again.
But it all depends
on the family pod.
It depends on what we're doing
consciously or unconsciously
within our family unit.
And no, you're not
stuck with your family
for the rest of eternity.
I get that question a lot.
But we have to work on things.
So, we have to clear some
of those emotional woundings
to move into a different
family pod.
My motto is, "Do
it for the pod."
[ Laughter ]
>> GN: All right, let's take
another question for Sonja.
Who's got one for us?
Yes, way in the corner.
>> I heard you talking on one
of your videos the other day
about different alien beings
and how there are some of them
that are benevolent than others
and I thought I just ask a
little bit more about that.
>> SG: OK.
Good. You got me back
on the alien track.
Thank you.
>> GN: Some are friendly.
>> SG: Thank you.
>> GN: Some are not.
>> SG: Some are friendly.
Some are not.
And what I see is as I was
talking before, alien beings are
at such-- many of them are
at such a high vibration
that they're able to take
that spirit form and or move
into a more solid form.
Some of there are only in
spirit form and they want
to step into human form.
A lot of them want to
come through right now
to manage what's being
mismanaged here on earth.
And a lot of them have been here
for a long time and they want
to manage what they think
they are in charge of.
And others are coming in because
we're really at a critical point
on earth's history as a species,
we're at a critical point.
So, that's where-- I think
that being respectful
and seeing the alien
species that are here
for very much like we are.
There's an agenda just like
the human race has an agenda.
They have a different
vibration that they're in.
I see them at a much higher
vibration which is why
to some people when they're--
they have experiences of
abduction that they feel
that they're cold or removed
from what's happening.
I mean, seriously, human race
doesn't understand the different
levels of consciousness
that exist.
I had a scientist say to
me once, "If the front
of your brain were your car,
the back of your brain
is the milky way."
>> That's intriguing, it is?
>> SG: ST: Yeah.
Thank you.
>> GN: Thank you.
>> SG: Thank you.
>> GN: Or in some cases, much.
>> SG: Mush.
>> GN: You never know.
Throughout all of this, have
you ever gotten to a patient
or someone who you just could
not reach that they built
up such a barrier that not
even you could get through?
>> SG: I did.
I had a woman once who
called me-- that was--
she was dealing with
kidney problems.
And she was trying to
avoid going on dialysis.
>> GN: I don't blame her.
>> SG: And she-- but you know,
the list before me
was quite impressive.
I mean, this woman had seen
every healer including John
of God and I, of course was
the last one she called.
No pressure.
And I-- I worked with her and
I felt, we made some progress.
Her kidney numbers
did come down a bit.
But the bigger component of this
case is she had emotional issues
that she was not dealing with.
She was not willing to go in and
do that deeper processing work.
And I'm telling you,
processing work is not easy.
It takes a lot of courage.
It takes a lot of devotion
to your own healing
and your own path to
do that kind of work.
But when you do it, the feeling,
the good feeling and the high
that you have after
doing that is so bigger
than anything you
ever started with--
>> GN: Just overwhelming.
>> SG: -- in terms of pain.
It's incredible.
So, I wanted to get her to
that place but she was blocked
and people do have a lot
of resistance and blocks.
There's a lot of resistance
that goes on and, you know,
we all experience resistance
through out our day, you know.
I don't want to go
in there, it smells.
Or I-- I don't want to go over
there it's, you know it's dark.
Or, you know, we all have
kind of our resistance.
Do you remember the
movie the Yes Man?
>> GN: Yup, yes.
>> SG: Yes.
>> GN: Yes.
I love that.
I mean when you feel your
resistance once in while,
just say, "I can walk into
that space or you know?
>> GN: I wish my producer Tom
was a yes man, but he's not,
adds me on everything.
>> SG: I'll work on him.
>> GN: Yeah.
I've got by the way
in my office one
of this little man toys
it's just the head.
But it's the yes man head.
>> SG: Oh.
I love it.
>> GN: So, you put it down and
whatever you say to it, it goes,
"Yes, I agree with that."
[ Laughter ]
.11
>> SG: Oh, that's great.
>> GN: Where's this
planet headed as a whole?
What's happening?
>> SG: Well.
>> GN: We're shifting,
something's happening.
>> SG: We shifted a lot.
We moved into the
fifth dimension.
That was the whole big
mind calendar thing.
And what that means is we
were in the fourth dimension
and the fourth dimension is kind
of like the last hundreds of,
you know, not hundreds of
centuries but many centuries.
We were in the fourth dimension.
And now, we're in
the fifth dimension
and people are really
experiencing a tough time.
A great example is someone
who sells real estate.
You know on the fourth
dimension,
no problem, bing, bang, boom.
They were selling houses,
everything was going great.
Well then we had the whole
financial thing happen.
People had a hard time.
People lost their homes.
They literature [phonetic]
themselves
where no longer selling houses.
Now, we're in the
fifth dimension,
real estates a little bit
more on people or, you know,
having a little more
movement with selling.
Real estate is happening,
but if the realtor themselves
and this goes for any industry.
If they're not aligning
themselves to their purpose
and to doing what they're
doing form a higher place,
meaning that we are
truly walking our path.
Whatever it is we do in our
lives from that spiritual place,
it's like it all falls
off the back of the wagon.
>> GN: Well talking about time,
space, and other dimensions.
That's one of the other
issues you answered
in your documentary.
>> SG: We're all noticing
time and space shifting.
We're noticing that things
aren't kind of lining up the way
that they have in the past.
We know we have an
appointment at 10 o'clock
but maybe 10 o'clock
rolls around
and we're not quite sure
how it got there so fast.
We're not sure why
every time we look
at the clock, it
says 2:22 or 4:44.
We're not sure how we're
floating from the time we get
up until the afternoon
and we don't quite remember how
we got there but we got there.
And so, we're riding and
morphing into places in way
that we've never done before.
And it's very different.
Some people are really
surrendering to it and saying,
"OK, whatever, this is a way
to flow to the next spot."
And other people are
actually resisting it
and feeling very nervous about
how they're going to get there
and how come I ran out of time.
>> GN: Well you're talking about
getting to one place to another
and forgetting things.
>> SG: Yes.
>> GN: How about driving?
>> GN: Where you go
from point A to point B
and you have no recollection
of in between.
>> SG: That's right.
>> GN: How does that happen?
>> SG: Well let me tell you--
>> GN: Well we all
have done that, I know.
>> SG: Absolutely, and if
you're in the Island of Oahu
and you're going
to the Polytunnel,
that'll happen every time.
Because the Polytunnel
on Oahu is--
it's its own time warp but--
>> GN: You're zoned out.
>> SG: Yeah.
That happens everywhere.
I'm sure you guys have
all experienced that,
just that time space
change and you looked
at your clock it was 10
o'clock and then you turn
around and it's 11:30 and--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> SG: -- and you
weren't doing anything.
And it just happened that fast.
This is part of that
fifth dimension.
We're all more telepathic
with each other.
We're all experiencing
a higher vibration.
We're all getting bombarded
from solar flares and, you know,
space weather and all kinds
of stuff is affecting us
and affecting the shift.
So in this fifth
dimension, if we choose
to do our jobs whatever
your industry is,
from that spiritual place
that everybody's feeling.
Everybody's feeling it, it
just depends on what kind
of awareness and
awakeness a person has.
Then you're taking
that awareness
into whatever you're doing
with your daily lives.
>> GN: Well let's see how you
raise people's vibrations here.
>> SG: OK.
>> GN: Let's do your
little experiment.
>> SG: OK.
All right.
So, can everybody
stand up with me?
OK, make sure you have a nice
stance so you're not falling
over when you close your eyes.
I want you to just
imagine yourself you're.
You can even use your
arms holding yourself
as a new born baby.
See yourself as a
newborn baby in your arms.
And I want you to feel your
heart opening up and filling
that baby up with love and see
that baby filling
you up with love.
And then I want you to visualize
yourself looking at this picture
of you loving the baby
and love that picture
and the baby loving you.
And then take it
out one more time.
See yourself now the second
time, standing further out,
loving you standing there,
loving you loving the picture
of you loving the baby.
This is expanding
your auric field.
And when you open your eyes now,
what you've done is you have
literally taken your aura
and you've made it a lot bigger.
And what that does
is it protects you.
It protects you, it
keeps your energy high,
and it also allows you to
operate from a higher vibration
so that all of the, kind
of lower negative,
oh my god the new.
You know, all that stuff
kind of just goes kind
of grounded around you.
You can sit down, thank you.
>> GN: And can you
do this everyday?
>> SG: Everyday.
Everyday please, everyday.
That-- just loving that baby,
that inner child and having
that baby love you
is so important
because you're acknowledging
a part of you that needs
to be loved and nurtured.
The more we do that, the
less we're looking outside
of ourselves for anything.
We're not looking to other
people to fill up the glass.
We're not looking
to other people
to make us feel valued
or, you know, that we're--
that we're right
or that we're OK.
We're filling that
up from the inside.
And when we do that, then
we can just be present.
And be able to, you know,
take care of her, the earth.
>> GN: Well you helped
a lot of people.
What motivates you?
What drives you?
>> SG: Oh, you're going
to make me cry again.
I really turn my life over
to God, to the goddess.
I, you know, I just got
to a place with my work
where I felt that's
all I could do.
That's it.
I just-- I want to help people
because I love humanity.
I love this planet.
I love animals.
I love everything that's here.
And so, my feeling
is if this is my gift
and this is what I can do, then
that's what I need to be doing.
>> GN: What has in your career
than for you probably
the most sobering event
that you've handled?
A client where you really knew
that you were touching
somebody's life.
>> SG: Well, there was
a woman in Puerto Rico
who I didn't speak to ever.
She-- her son was
living on the East Coast.
And he sent me an email with
her photograph and said,
"My mother doesn't speak
English, can you do a healing
and a clearing on her."
And he listed her ailments.
She had no appetite.
She had a lot of
pain in her back.
She had multiple surgeries
on her feet and her spine.
There was lots of scar tissue.
She had insomnia.
>> GN: Oh gosh, everything.
Everything.
>> SG: All kind-- all
kinds of everything.
So, I went in, and, you
know, I never talked to her,
I just had her picture up and
I went in and worked on her.
And before I worked on her,
I have this essential
oil that I wear.
And I put it on and I
was laughing in my office
in Portland Oregon going,
"God she's probably going
to smell this all the
way to Puerto Rico."
And I-- so I did the work,
and then I emailed him
and said this is what I
did, this is what I found.
There was lots of scar
tissue, I took all that out.
You know, I cleared-- it took
me 20 minutes to clear all
of the real dark like entity
energy stuff off of here,
and of course living in
Puerto Rico, that's a culture
that practices a lot of
witching and that kind of thing.
So of course, it
made sense to me.
I was seeing that.
Different cultures
practice different things.
And so, I got all that
cleared off of her,
wrote him, told him what I did.
The next day, he wrote
me back, he said,
"This is what my mother said."
She said, "I saw this
woman come into the room.
And I smell this
beautiful fragrance."
I was just crying, and reading
at the computer and he said
that she got up, she ate
a dinner, a full dinner
and she did some dishes and she
went back to bed and she woke
up in the morning,
she had no pain.
>> GN: It's magical isn't it?
>> SG: It was beautiful.
I was so grateful I
can't tell you how--
I was just so honored, you know.
And he keeps writing me
saying, "Mom's still good."
Which is great.
>> GN: If this vast audience
wants to get a hold of you
or track you where do
they go, what do they do?
>> SG: Oh, I have a
website its sonjagrace.com.
>> GN: Spell it.
>> SG: S-O-N-J-A-G-R-A-C-E
.com and you can contact me.
I have a contact
forum on my site.
And I have a free--
it's called earth angel
and it's a weekly kind of
message from me and my guides
that you can sign up too.
>> GN: That was a
great song too.
>> SG: Earth angle.
Yeah.
>> GN: Yeah.
It's one of the best.
Thanks Sonja
>> SG: Thank you so much.
>> GN: Sonja Grace.
>> SG: Thank you George.
Thank you so much.
>> GN: Thank you.
You're doing a great job.
>> SG: Thank you.
Thank you.
[ Applause ]
[ Music ]
[ Silence ]